objectivity & results
Domain/technical Depth
	1. SOP 操作與實作
   	我學習了80%的關鍵標準作業程序（SOP）。透過與團隊密切合作及系統化的學習，我能夠獨立實作其中至少80%的SOP，並熟練操作，增進了我對作業流程的理解，也提升了我的獨立工作能力。
	2. 事件處理能力		
   	從2023年9、10月，我成功處理了200筆事件，並達成了100%的事件處理完成率，讓所有事件都在可控的清況下就解決掉，沒有造成影響。

Team collaboration
	 3. 戰情室紀錄與溝通
   	在戰情室工作中，我有效地掌握了事件的進展狀況，並詳細且精確地記錄了所有事件的時間線，確保團隊成員能夠即時了解當前情勢，並快速做出反應。
	
4. JASM 同仁訓練協助
在 JASM 同仁訓練期間，我積極分享了學習筆記，並協助同仁學習SOP操作流程，確保他們能快速掌握核心作業標準，提升學習效率與執行能力。
Innovation & productivity
SOP 優化
在學習SOP期間，我發現了文件中的錯誤及使用已淘汰工具的情況，並即時向產品團隊反映。透過修正建議，確保SOP更符合實際需求，提高了操作的準確性與效率。

Objectivity & Results
Domain/Technical Depth

SOP Learning and Implementation
I learned 80% of the key SOPs. Through close collaboration with the team and systematic learning, I was able to independently execute at least 80% of these SOPs with proficiency, which enhanced my understanding of workflows and improved my ability to work independently.

Incident Handling Capability
From September to October 2024, I successfully handled 200 incidents and achieved a 100% completion rate, ensuring that all incidents were resolved under controlled conditions without any impact.

Team Collaboration

War Room Documentation and Communication
While working in the war room, I effectively monitored incident progress and meticulously recorded all incident timelines, ensuring that team members were promptly informed of the current situation and able to respond quickly.

Training with JASM Colleagues
During the JASM colleagues' training period, I actively shared my study notes and assisted them in learning SOP procedures, ensuring they quickly grasped core operational standards and improved their learning efficiency and execution capabilities.

Innovation & Productivity

SOP Optimization
While learning the SOPs, I identified errors in the documents and cases where outdated tools were being used, which I informed the product team about. By suggesting corrections, I ensured that the SOPs were better aligned with practical needs, enhancing both accuracy and efficiency.
